trim intro, move motivational text to Appendix (#99)
larseggert/draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes: draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes.md

This document proposes the creation of a moderator team for all of the
IETF's various contribution channels. This moderator team is modeled
after, and subsumes, the moderator team for the IETF discussion list

> {{?RFC9245}}.  This memo is applicable to **all** IETF online fora.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{?RFC9245}}.  This memo is applicable to **all** IETF participation channels.
```
Same wording used elsewhere.

> TODO: Get feedback from the community whether this redefinition of BCP14
> terms in process documents is something they support.

> ## Background {#background}

Author: I think it's part of the intro, no/

> ## Background {#background}

Author: Ah- I would move those down; which indeed I think would be the convention ;-)

> ## Background {#background}

Reviewer: ACK. (I still find a single subsection within a parent section odd, but 🤷 )

community last-call of a "posting rights" action (PR-action) proposed
by the IESG, often in response to complaints from the community.

Experience and community input suggests that an evolution of the
existing processes is necessary.  This memo specifies a flexible moderation
policy with an eye toward consistency across all IETF communication fora,
timeliness, fairness, while also addressing transparency, appeals, and

> periodic review of bans.  In particular, moderators are given the broadest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
periodic review of moderation actions.  In particular, moderators are given the broadest
```

> possible freedom of action to address disruptive behavior in a manner that
> does not disrupt the IETF activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible freedom of action to address disruptive behavior.
```
Moderation may need to "disrupt IETF activities". If moderators can't take action because of a perceived disruption of IETF activities (whatever that actually means), we gain nothing.

- Content taken from
  [draft-ecahc-moderation-01](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ecahc-moderation/01/).
  [Updated editors. Acknowledge authors of original pre-WG I-Ds.](https://github.com/larseggert/draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes/pull/65)

> # Problems with the previous approach {#motive}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Problems with the Previous Approach {#motive}
```
Title case for consistency.
